
Positional answers should be given in a cardinal or ordinal direction and a distance away. Anything greater than 15 degrees from the poles will be given as an ordinal direction. Distance will be given in meters. Distance between assets is found using the distance formula:  distance =$\sqrt{(x_2 - x_1)^2 + (y_2 - y_1)^2 + (z_2 - z_1)^2}$. To determine the cardinal/ordinal direction of the target asset relative to the selected asset, the coordinates of the selected asset $(x_1, y_1)$ and the target asset $(x_2, y_2)$ must result in true statements. To determine if a target asset is north of the selected asset, $y_1 \leq y_2$, $y_2 \geq 15x_2$, and $y_2 \geq -15x_2$. To determine if a target asset is south of the selected asset, $y_1 \geq y_2$, $y_2 \leq 15x_2$, and $y_2 \leq -15x_2$. To determine if a target asset is east of the selected asset, $x_1 \leq x_2$, $y_2 \leq \frac{1}{15}x_2$, and $y_2 \geq -\frac{1}{15}x_2$. To determine if a target asset is west of the selected asset, $x_1 \geq x_2$, $y_2 \geq \frac{1}{15}x_2$, and $y_2 \leq -\frac{1}{15}x_2$. To determine if a target asset is northeast of the selected asset, $y_1 \leq y_2$, $x_1 \leq x_2$, and the target asset cannot fall into any of the other directional categories. To determine if a target asset is northwest of the selected asset, $y_1 \leq y_2$, $x_1 \geq x_2$, and the target asset cannot fall into any of the other directional categories. To determine if a target asset is southeast of the selected asset, $y_1 \geq y_2$, $x_1 \leq x_2$, and the target asset cannot fall into any of the other directional categories. To determine if a target asset is southwest of the selected asset, $y_1 \geq y_2$, $x_1 \geq x_2$, and the target asset cannot fall into any of the other directional categories.

